NE-986: Add the information about allowedsourceranges (#51776)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-create-load-balancer-service.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> To restrict the traffic through the Load Balancer to specific IP addresses, it is recommended to use the `loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict the traffic through the Load Balancer to specific IP addresses, it is recommended to use the `spec.endpointPublishingStrategy.loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges` field of `ingresscontroller` rather than setting the `loadBalancerSourceRanges` field.
```

Author: Addressed

> To restrict the traffic through the Load Balancer to specific IP addresses, it is recommended to use the `ingresscontroller` field `spec.endpointPublishingStrategy.loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges`. Do not set the `loadBalancerSourceRanges` field.

Reviewer 2: Recommend using "Ingress Controller" instead of `ingresscontroller`.

Author: Addressed
